# Fenrir

Fenrir, previously known as Blackwater, Hessian and Morgenstern, is an Earth
based private military contractor. They provide security detail, both in space
and on surfaces and are considered one of the largest operator of military
equipment.

## History

Founded as Blackwater Inc. in 2004 they largely operated in the middle east
providing security detail for oil companies. After a skirmish between local
insurgents and soldiers from Blackwater Inc. that left 23 civilians dead and
several more wounded, they renamed to Hessian Inc.

After the advent of space exploration the Hessian Inc. expanded into space,
acquiring several vessels. They continued to operate as corporate security.

In 2062 they acquired the Weinfeld Company, a smaller manufacturer of space
vessels, and renamed themselves as Morgenstern Inc. With the newly acquired
space port, and a small station in Venus' habitable orbit, they began production
of their own fleet of armed military vessels.

Morgenstern Inc. was responsible for the security of Ceres station when the
water crisis broke out. After initial peaceful protests, the security personnel
used violence to break up the protests. As the protests retaliated the
mercenaries of Morgenstern Inc. used force resulting in the death of over a
hundred protesters. After this incident the Morgenstern Inc. renamed itself
yet again, taking it's current name Fenrir.

## Logo

Personnel and ships of Fenrir can be identified by their logo: A large wolf
howling to the stars. They use this logo on all ships and on their soldiers
uniforms.

## Operation

Fenrir works for everyone that is willing to the price, so as long as the
operation is legal. They provide security, armed forced, armed ship and fleet
escort and are also known to secure and guard highly classified research and
mining stations.

They also give out and handle bounties on pirates, smugglers and other illegal
elements.

Fenrir still manages the security of Ceres station.

## Equipment

As a private military contractor with their own ship yard, they operate a large
fleet of roughly 60 medium vessels and ten large vessels. Their mercenaries are
equipped with the latest military equipment, and are highly trained.

They have been known to operate tanks, armed transports, helicopters, and other
military grad equipment if the mission required it. They of course hold all the
permits and grants required to operate such equipment.

## Recruitment

Fenrir recruits from the pool of ex-military personnel such as ex-IPA, martians
who had their community service with the IPA, or local government forces. They
train in secret facilities on Earth and can hold their own against special
forces.

## Links to illegal activities

Members of Fenrir have been linked to illegal activities, such as cooperation
with known pirates or smugglers, as well as industrial espionage, theft or
sabotage.

The security on Ceres station, most of them Ex-Fenrir operatives, are still in
contact with their previous employers. This has led Fenrir to have a foot in the
door, to operate in and hide illegal activities on Ceres station.
