# IPA

The Inter-Planetary Authority (IPA for short) is the military arm of the United
Nations of Earth and the Federal Republic of Mars. It is responsible for
upholding law and order within the systems, stations and colonies operated by
the UNE and FMR.

## Structure

Like most Navies the military ranks go from private all the way up to Grand
Admiral. The current Grand Admiral is Robert Armitage. Civilians are not part
of the IPA per se, but may be associated with the IPA through subsidiaries.

## Policing

The IPA is responsible for upholding the Space Treaty of 2034 and all of its
amendments. It finds itself often in skirmished with space pirates, the Black
Dawn and other lawless factions.

While the IPA is officially neutral of private military contractors - such as
Fenrir - the top brass of the IPA has nothing less than disdain for them. Most
of the IPA see such military corporations as dangerous and above the law.

Although weapons on civilians and civilian ships are prohibited, the IPA also
oversees and manages the amendments that made it possible for civilians to
bear arms. The IPA is responsible for issuing and controlling civilian fire arm
licences.

## Bounties

The IPA is widely known to give out bounties for wanted criminals. Such
information, in a form of a most-wanted list, is publicly available. The IPA
awards bounties to those who give crucial evidence that leads to the conviction
of these criminals, or even if they are turned in alive and directly to the IPA.

## Funding

Most of the funding for the IPA comes from the United Nations of Earth, with the
First Martian Republic providing many of the ships being used by the IPA.

## Size and Power

The Grand Fleet of the IPA consists of ten IPA Command Carriers (capital
vessels), roughly 120 destroyers (large vessels) and several hundred more
frigates (medium vessels). The IPA is the operator of the largest fleet in the
systems. Furthermore the IPA has more than three million active personnel on
duty at all times.

### Command Carrier

The command carries are the biggest and most powerful ships of the IPA. They
are roughly 700 metres long and can house a crew of up to twenty thousand
people. They are heavily armed and protected. Command Carriers are often
protected by several frigates.
