# Humans

Humans are - apart from robots - the most prevalent race in the Last Descent.
Just like the humans on earth, they come from a wide variety of backgrounds,
cultures and professions.

## Martians

Martians that leave their home world of the FMR are far and few in between.
Most of the Martians found scattered in the solar system, are either there
because of Mars related business, or criminals that had their Martian
citizenship revoked.

- Perk: Dangers of Space
- Flaw: Low Gravity Physique

## Space Born

Many are born and live in the weightlessness of space. These are generally
called _space born_. The bodies of space born humans lack the required strength
to move and live on celestial bodies with high gravity. People born on space
stations and space ships also have a knack for fixing things mechanically.

- Micro Gravity: 2
- Mechanics: 1
- Perk: Dangers of Space
- Flaw: Micro Gravity Physique

## Earthers

The richest, or the luckiest, are born on Earth. Their bodies evolve naturally
compared to their space born brethren. Planet born have no intrinsic penalties
or bonuses.

- Flaw: Space Adaption Syndrome

# Robots

Robots are simple, non-sentient droids deployed for manual labour. They are
capable of accepting simple commands and usually work - instead of humans - in
dangerous or hazardous environments. Robots come in as many shapes as there are
jobs and functions that require them.

High grade corporations, militaries also deploy combat robots equipped with
various weapons.

Almost all robots either use two legs or tracks to move about, and may be
equipped with additional extremities depending on their configuration.

Robots are not intended to be used as playable races.

A robot has the same creation rules as humans do, however they are all
considered to have an intelligence of 1. Robots cannot use tools, unless they
are specifically built for that model. However they are capable of interacting
with simple devices, for example, with doors, hatches or air locks.
