# Technology

## UPID

The Unique Person ID, or UPID, identifies a person across all stations and
networks. It registers information about said person, and can be read by all
station security devices.

All personal things are associated with this UPID, such as permits, forms,
citizenship, ownership certificates, bans, bounties, and so forth.

In older times the UPID was a physical pass, a small plastic card, not unlike
a credit card. Newer models are directly embedded into the body so they cannot
be stolen that easily.

As with everything, a lucrative illegal business sprung up that deals in the
manipulation, removal or swapping of such UPID chips and passes.

## PDAs

The PDAs of Endless Horizons are the newest and latest models of smart phones.
They have a big class screen and built using aluminium or other high endurance
metals and polymers. They built so rigid, so they can take some damage while
floating and bumping around in micro gravity.

PDAs are highly valuable, and expensive and are often the targets of thieves.
All PDAs are by default encrypted.

| Name  | Cost | Weight | Hacking DC
|-------|------|--------|-------------
| PDA   | 1000 | 0.4    | 8

## Energy

With the rise of better battery technology, electricity has taken over mankind's
technology. Electricity is used to power cars, helicopters, almost all
appliances. All aircraft use some sort of high yield Ion Engine.

After the successful completion of ITER in 2028 fusion engines became more and
more widespread.

This has lead the price of fossil fuels (oil, diesel, gas) to drop drastically.
While vehicles with internal combustion engines still exists, they are most
often kept only for recreational purposes.

## Internet

_Never underestimate the bandwidth of a fleet of haulers hurling down the
highway_

The earth's internet hit a barrier in reaching the furthest reaches of space.
While the technology was brought to all stations and planets, they are not
interlinked with each other.

Data is transferred by hauling data storage units by ship from one point to
another. A business has formed around need, were so called data haulers offer
their services in transporting data from one place to another. Likewise pirates
have targeted these haulers, to steal it. Potentially to find something which
incriminates the owners.
