# Overview

Stations of all sorts are common in Last Descent, and range from research,
military, civilian to mining, processing and manufacturing stations. Their sizes
vary. All stations can usually be used to resupply fuel, food and water.

## Governance

Most stations are owned by either a government, corporation or other large
organisation. Very few are independent, with many however being semi
independent from their mother organisation.

Stations have their own security force, and also some sort of Governor or
Overseer.

## Black Market

Most stations also have a black market for illegal goods, such as weapons,
munition, drugs or slaves. The black market may also offer other "business"
opportunities such as trafficking, smuggling, protection rackets or
assassination jobs. Getting into the black market is difficult and different
from station to station. You have to know a guy, who knows a guy...

# Types

## Mining Stations

The most common are mining and drilling stations that extract resources, such as
water, oxygen or precious metals from asteroids or other stellar objects. Mining
stations are often closed to civilians as corporations and governments running
them do not wish to risk the stations security. Hybrid civilian stations exist,
that also extract resources (mostly oxygen and water) for their own use.

## Civilian Station

Civilian stations provide living areas and space for civilians and civilian
enterprise. People live and work on these stations in various roles. Civilian
stations are among the biggest of the stations, and are often built near rich
sources of water and oxygen to be able to sustain large populations.

These stations are used as business headquarters, research stations or even
as limited production stations.

## Manufacturing Stations

These stations are dedicated to construct large space objects, such as other
stations or vessels. They are often run by the big corporations are issued with
the highest security protocols. Many corporations see their manufacturing
techniques and research as their prime corporate secret.

## Research Station

The smallest among the space stations, these are mainly used to advance the
understanding of all sciences. Most often they are situated near an interesting
object of study (such as close to a planet with unusual atmosphere) or in secret
locations in case of top tier classified research.
